WebAPI: Clean syntax from property pages, part 1 (#14195)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/animationevent/animationname/index.md

{{domxref("DOMString")}} containing the value of the {{cssxref("animation-name")}} CSS
property associated with the transition.

## Value 

> A [DOMString](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) containing the value of the [animation-name](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-name) CSS property.

Reviewer: Most of our `DOMString` mentions are incorrect, they are just JS strings (not even the wrapper object `String`). Fixing them is another topic, but let's not add new ones.

For the CSS property, we use a macro (that is shorter and put the right markup, in this case the `code` font).

```suggestion
A string containing the value of the {{cssxref("animation-name")}} CSS property.
```
